TODO LIST:

change all the functions at login.html to do with creating & joining
new users & rooms to form event listeners so the page doesnt refresh,
page refresh causes socket disconnection from server and ruins system 
that is based around client ID's as it has to generate a new one.
DONE 

fix username validification, this code is called at server.js but function
from userTools.js & roomTools.js not working.
DONE

get the rooms working, todo this:
    fix login so that when username selected, it gets locked in,
    same with room name,

    then the user clicks the actual submit button for the form which sends the data -
    to another page which is /rooms

    using:

    app.get('/rooms/:room', (req, res) => {
        room = req.params.room;
        
    })

    now what I should do is initialise a server at rooms and then when 
    a message is sent at that route, being the room, then it is handled at that page
    and emited to other room recipients

DONE 

fix data passing for form verification, data is passing however that values are null,
values on user end are also null so there is a user end error wen fetching data from form.

DONE

Only allow form verification request if all form fields have values,
this can be done using:

required="required" attribute on input element
Or I could just use an if/else statement to check if the fields have values.

update:
    required="required" doesnt work as the form doesnt auto submit until the client 
    has recieved verification from the server that the values are allowed, so Im going
    to use if/if else statements

DONE (check) DONE

alter userTools module so that the activeUsers array has user objects that contain
users socket.id and users username. order will be {id, username}.
this can only be done after the client recieves the confirmation packet from server
and the data is sent to the new route /rooms as redirecting causes page disconnection
and reconnection therefore creating a new socket.id, there is no need to worry about
new socket.id's after this as there are no other routes of the website that require it. (atleast for now )

DONE

Update verifyFormCreate logic (at server side) so that it is the same as verifyFormJoin,
except of course the fact that the room exist logic must by different.

DONE

fix UI on index.html and finish UI on login.html ( edit index to look like new Login.html UI)
┖→ add bars on side of app, this helps with more dynamic page view on homepage ('/'),
   I am blocking overflow-x so that only Y scrolling is allowed, page info such as about,
   create info, contact links etc. will scroll down the page.

DONE 

add an option for dark & light mode 

WORKING ON


make scrollable UL for the messages, partially done, need to  figure out the right 
flex usages to make the UL fill all available space without overlapping the text form.
(didnt of using flex howevr I solved the issue)
DONE

fix the add user and remove user events, running into issues with redirects causing new socket.id's

adding commands such as kick, change colour, etc.

CANCELLED this was too hard using regex cant be bothered 